[Docs] fix broken links in metrics.md (#22315)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/design/metrics.md

- `vllm:spec_decode_num_draft_tokens_total` (Counter)
- `vllm:spec_decode_num_emitted_tokens_total` (Counter)

These are documented under [Inferencing and Serving -> Production Metrics](../usage/metrics.md).

### Grafana Dashboard

> vLLM also provides [a reference example](../examples/online_serving/prometheus_grafana/README.md) for how to collect and store these metrics using Prometheus and visualize them using a Grafana dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
vLLM also provides [a reference example](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/examples/online_serving/prometheus_grafana.html) for how to collect and store these metrics using Prometheus and visualize them using a Grafana dashboard.
```

> vLLM also provides [a reference example](../../examples/online_serving/prometheus_grafana/README.md) for how to collect and store these metrics using Prometheus and visualize them using a Grafana dashboard.

Author: @DarkLight1337 thanks for the docs preview - didn’t realize that was available! nice!

Seems there's a mismatch between the gh repo and site structures. Have merged @hmellor’s code suggestion to resolve the links on the site - thanks!

- Added by <gh-pr:4687>
- Configured with `--oltp-traces-endpoint` and `--collect-detailed-traces`
- [OpenTelemetry blog post](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2024/llm-observability/)

> - [User-facing docs](../examples/online_serving/opentelemetry/README.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [User-facing docs](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/examples/online_serving/opentelemetry.html)
```

> - [User-facing docs](../../examples/online_serving/opentelemetry/README.md)

Reviewer: This link is still broken.
